README.md, before:

![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
[![HitCount](https://hits.dwyl.com/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection.svg?style=flat)](http://hits.dwyl.com/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)

# 🖥️ Basic Scripts Collection
This is a collection of basic scripts to common programming problems. 

-----
# 🖱️ Contents

- **FizzBuzz:** *Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. But for multiples of three print “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five print “Buzz”. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print “FizzBuzz”.*

-----
# ❔ How to use
Fork the repo, head to the programming language folder, open the file in visual studio code and run in the terminal. To see javascript solutions using node.js is suggested.

Commit message:

Edit README.md and add palindrome-checker.js

README.md, after:

![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)
[![HitCount](https://hits.dwyl.com/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection.svg?style=flat)](http://hits.dwyl.com/RosaleeKnight/basic-scripts-collection)

# 🖥️ Basic Scripts Collection
This is a collection of basic scripts to common programming problems. 

-----
# 🖱️ Contents

- **FizzBuzz:** *Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. But for multiples of three print “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five print “Buzz”. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print “FizzBuzz”.*
- **Palindrome Checker** *Write a function that when given a string returns true if the string is a palindrome or false otherwise.*

-----
# ❔ How to use
Fork the repo, head to the programming language folder, open the file in visual studio code and run in the terminal. To see javascript solutions using node.js is suggested.
